With our child routes at it and The Last Lecture Let's now make these links work again so that we can
really choose an item from that list the place to make these links work of course is our recipe list
the recipe item here.
That is where we have the anchor tag and that is where we should set the link.
We can set a link with Routier link.
But now we get a dynamic segment in the path.
So now I will bind Routier link with square brackets because now I want to pass this array which allows
me to really configure a segment for a segment of my pov.
Now the first segment is also the only segment that will be the ideal one to load.
So I will use a relative path because this element here the list already is loaded at slash recipes.
So whenever I just add the idea here that is already all in one because then we're going to end up at
recipes slash ID.
Now to get the ID I need to pass this extra information to the recipe item component.
We're not doing this right now so let's do that.
I will add a new property binding here so I will add the index here.
And the index will simply be a number and I will add at input at the beginning.
With this I can now pass in the index of this item from outside and I'll do it from the recipe list
component here besides sending the recipe itself.
I can also pass the index and of course I have to retrieve that from my ends you for loop.
So here I'll simply bind I to index to get the index of the while of each iteration basically and then
I'll pass this index to the recipe item and bind it to the index property there.
This property would just create it as a side note with the idea being passed to those component.
Now you feel radically could update this component to now use our recipe service and get recipe method.
We just created two fetched a recipe by ID but I will leave it as it is here but that would be one way
of refactoring or restructuring this component.
The important thing for us now is that we have the index property in this component now and that is
all we need for this link.
So I want to pass the index here and keep in mind this is for a single component.
So that index will be different for each instance of this component.
So if we save this we can see it already at the bottom of the page.
Does looks all right and they can switch between 0 and 1.
So that looks pretty good.
Now it would also be nice to style the active item here though and that is something I'll do in the
next lecture